Task:
Fix the broken widget.js and implement a fully functional, Intercom-style chat widget that supports visual theming, OTP-based contact form, and dynamic agent linking via a public key.

📋 Functional Requirements
1. Intercom-Style Chat Widget UI
Design the widget interface to be modern and minimal, similar to Intercom:

Chat bubble in bottom-right corner

Opens a floating panel with:

AI assistant chat interface

Optional welcome message or help topics

Contact form before starting, if enabled

Should work seamlessly on mobile and desktop

2. Dynamic Theming from Visual Customizer
The widget's styles (colors, fonts, etc.) must be dynamically applied based on user-selected settings from the theme customizer.

These values should be:

Passed into the embed code or

Fetched using the widget public key at runtime

Examples:

Chat bubble background color

Button and input styling

Header/footer colors

3. AI Agent Link via Widget Public Key
When the widget loads:

Use the public key in the embed code to fetch and load the correct AI agent configuration.

This includes:

Which agent to respond with

Contact fields required

Theme settings (if stored per agent)

Backend should serve config for that publicKey

4. Contact Form + OTP Verification
Before accessing the chat, prompt for:

Name

Email

Phone number (optional)

If email OTP verification is enabled:

Send OTP to entered email

Validate OTP before allowing chat access

After verification:

Store contact info securely and link to agent conversation

Proceed to AI chat interface

🔧 Technical Notes
Widget script must be placed in /public/widget.js and served correctly.

Use a minimal framework (Vanilla JS or lightweight React) to keep the embed portable.

Embed code should look like:

html
Copy
Edit
<script
  src="https://your-repl-url/widget.js"
  data-public-key="agent_xyz123"
  defer
></script>
🔒 Security & Storage
Protect OTP logic with rate limiting.

Ensure public key cannot access unauthorized data.

Store contact info securely (including IP, verification status).

✅ Deliverables
Working widget UI like Intercom

Public-key-based dynamic configuration

OTP contact form flow (create + validate)

Compatible embed script (for websites)